plugins/README.md, before:

# To write a new plugin
The oracle server provides a plugin framework for the development and management of data adaptors for loading data from external data source providers. Runtime management of plugins is dynamic; the server discovers and loads new or updated data source adaptors during runtime, so there is no need to restart the oracle server to detect data adaptor changes.

## The plugin configuration
Every plugin has a unified configuration, that is configured by oracle server in the `plugins-conf.yml` file. When you implement a new plugin, you will need to prepare the default values for the plugin, for example:
```go
// PluginConfig is the schema of plugins' config.
type PluginConfig struct {
	Name               string `json:"name" yaml:"name"`                         // The name of the plugin binary.
	Key                string `json:"key" yaml:"key"`                           // The API key granted by your data provider to access their data API.
	Scheme             string `json:"scheme" yaml:"scheme"`                     // The data service scheme, http or https.
	Disabled           bool   `json:"disabled" yaml:"disabled"`                 // The flag to disable a plugin.
	Endpoint           string `json:"endpoint" yaml:"endpoint"`                 // The data service endpoint url of the data provider.
	Timeout            int    `json:"timeout" yaml:"timeout"`                   // The timeout period in seconds that an API request is lasting for.
	DataUpdateInterval int    `json:"refresh" yaml:"refresh"`                   // The interval in seconds to fetch data from data provider due to rate limit.
	// Below configurations are reserved only for on-chain AMM marketplaces.
	NTNTokenAddress    string `json:"ntnTokenAddress" yaml:"ntnTokenAddress"`   // The NTN erc20 token address on the target blockchain.
	ATNTokenAddress    string `json:"atnTokenAddress" yaml:"atnTokenAddress"`   // The Wrapped ATN erc20 token address on the target blockchain.
	USDCTokenAddress   string `json:"usdcTokenAddress" yaml:"usdcTokenAddress"` // The USDC erc20 token address on the target blockchain.
	SwapAddress        string `json:"swapAddress" yaml:"swapAddress"`           // The UniSwap factory contract address or AirSwap SwapERC20 contract address on the target blockchain.
}
```
## Interface
The interface in between the oracle server and the plugin are simple:
```go
// Adapter is the interface that we're exposing as a plugin.
type Adapter interface {
	// FetchPrices is called by oracle server to fetch data points of symbols required by the protocol contract, some
	// symbols in the protocol's symbols set might not be recognisable by a data source, thus in the plugin implementation,
	// one need to filter invalid symbols to make sure valid symbol's data be collected. The return PluginPriceReport
	// contains the valid symbols' prices and a set of invalid symbols.
	FetchPrices(symbols []string) (PluginPriceReport, error)
	// State is called by oracle server to get the statement of a plugin, it returns the plugin's statement of their version,
	// supported symbols, datasource, data source type, and if a key is required. It also checks the chainID from plugin
	// side to determine if it is compatible to run the plugin with current L1 blockchain, it would stop to start if the
	// chain ID is mismatched.
	State(chainID int64) (PluginStatement, error)
}

// PluginPriceReport is the returned data samples from adapters which carry the prices and those symbols of no data if
// there are any unrecognisable symbols from the data source side.
type PluginPriceReport struct {
	Prices                []Price
	UnRecognizableSymbols []string
}

// in autonity-oracle/types/types.go, there is a type Price:
// Price is the structure contains the exchange rate of a symbol with a timestamp at which the sampling happens.
type Price struct {
	Timestamp  int64 // TS on when the data is being sampled in time's seconds since Jan 1 1970 (Unix time).
	Symbol     string
	Price      decimal.Decimal
	Confidence uint8    // confidence of the data point is resolved by the oracle server.
	// Below field is reserved for data providers which can provide recent trade volumes of the pair,
	// otherwise it will be resolved by oracle server.
	Volume     *big.Int // recent trade volume in quote of USDCx for on-chain AMM marketplace.
}

// PluginStatement is the returned data when the oracle host want to initialise the plugin with basic information: version,
// data source, data source type, and available symbols that the data source support.
// PluginStatement is the returned when the oracle server loads a plugin.
type PluginStatement struct {
	KeyRequired      bool
	Version          string
	DataSource       string
	AvailableSymbols []string
	DataSourceType   DataSourceType
}
```
where the statements in PluginState:
- KeyRequired states if the plugin needs a service key to be configured. When the plugin requires a key, oracle server will not start the plugin if a key is missing from the configuration.
- Version states the version of the plugin.
- AvailableSymbols states the set of symbols the data plugin is configured to fetch.
- DataSource states the data source URL, it will be logged by oracle server.
- DataSourceType states the type of the data source, for example, an AMM, CEX or an AskForQuote marketplace.

### Criteria for releasing 3rd party plugin
Before releasing a 3rd party plugin, we will have to check below criteria:
- **Document**    
Please add a README.md into your plugin's code directory, to describe the data source of your plugin, the data quality of it,
how can people subscribe a service key from the data provider if there is a service key required.
- **Implementation and Testing**    
Reuse the plugin framework and the standard interface of the plugin as much as possible, add test for it, help to keep the code be simple.
- **Help the user**     
In the plugin's README.md and the oracle server configuration file, add comments to guide people on how to config your
plugin, for example, the data providers' official site, how to subscribe the service key from the provider, etc...

## Implement a plugin
Create a directory for your plugin under the autonity-oracle/plugins directory. There is a template_plugin directory
which contains a go source code file template_plugin.go that can be used as a template. To implement a new plugin, there are 4 steps described beneath.
### Create a Plugin structure
```go
// TemplatePlugin Here is an implementation of a plugin which returns simulated data points.
type TemplatePlugin struct {
	version          string
	availableSymbols map[string]struct{}
	symbolSeparator  string
	logger           hclog.Logger
	client           common.DataSourceClient
	conf             *types.PluginConfig
	cachePrices      map[string]types.Price
}
```
### Implement the 2 interfaces for the Plugin structure
In this template plugin, we leave only 3 todos to be implemented by plugin developer to adapt with real data vendor.
```go
func (g *TemplatePlugin) FetchPrices(symbols []string) (types.PluginPriceReport, error) {
	var report types.PluginPriceReport

	availableSymbols, badSymbols, availableSymMap := g.resolveSymbols(symbols)
	if len(availableSymbols) == 0 {
		g.logger.Warn("no available symbols from plugin", "plugin", g.conf.Name)
		report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
		return report, fmt.Errorf("no available symbols")
	}

	res, err := g.client.FetchPrice(availableSymbols)
	if err != nil {
		return report, err
	}

	g.logger.Debug("sampled data points", res)

	now := time.Now().Unix()
	for _, v := range res {
		dec, err := decimal.NewFromString(v.Price)
		if err != nil {
			g.logger.Error("cannot convert price string to decimal: ", v.Price, err)
			continue
		}
		report.Prices = append(report.Prices, types.Price{
			Timestamp: now,
			Symbol:    availableSymMap[v.Symbol], // convert the symbol to raw symbol style in oracle server side.
			Price:     dec,
		})
	}
	report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
	return report, nil
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) State() (types.PluginState, error) {
	var state types.PluginState

	symbols, err := g.client.AvailableSymbols()
	if err != nil {
		return state, err
	}

	if len(g.availableSymbols) != 0 {
		for k := range g.availableSymbols {
		symbol := k
		delete(g.availableSymbols, symbol)
		}
	}

	for _, s := range symbols {
		g.availableSymbols[s] = struct{}{}
	}

	for _, symbol := range symbols {
		if len(symbol) != 0 {
			g.symbolSeparator = common.ResolveSeparator(symbol)
			break
		}
	}

	state.KeyRequired = g.client.KeyRequired()
	state.Version = g.version
	state.AvailableSymbols = symbols

	return state, nil
}

// KeyRequired returns true if the service key is required to access the data source.
func (tc *TemplateClient) KeyRequired() bool {
	return false // return true if your data provider asked for a service key.
}

```
### Instantiate the Plugin and Register it.
In the main() function, which is the entry point of your plugin, initialize the plugin structure, and register it in the go-plugin framework:
```go
func main() {
	conf, err := common.LoadPluginConf(os.Args[0])
	if err != nil {
		println("cannot load conf: ", err.Error(), os.Args[0])
		os.Exit(-1)
	}

	resolveConf(&conf)

	client := NewTemplateClient(&conf)
	adapter := NewTemplatePlugin(&conf, client, version)
	defer adapter.Close()

	var pluginMap = map[string]plugin.Plugin{
		"adapter": &types.AdapterPlugin{Impl: adapter},
	}

	plugin.Serve(&plugin.ServeConfig{
		HandshakeConfig: types.HandshakeConfig,
		Plugins:         pluginMap,
	})
}
```
Handshake config is in autonity-oracle/types/plugin_spec.go
```go
// HandshakeConfig are used to just do a basic handshake between
// a plugin and host. If the handshake fails, a user-friendly error is shown.
// This prevents users from executing bad plugins or executing a plugin
// directory. It is a UX feature, not a security feature.
var HandshakeConfig = plugin.HandshakeConfig{
	ProtocolVersion:  1,
	MagicCookieKey:   "BASIC_PLUGIN",
	MagicCookieValue: "hello",
}
```

## The full code
```go
package main

import (
	"autonity-oracle/helpers"
	"autonity-oracle/plugins/common"
	"autonity-oracle/types"
	"fmt"
	"github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog"
	"github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin"
	"github.com/shopspring/decimal"
	"net/url"
	"os"
	"strings"
	"time"
)

const (
	version       = "v0.0.2"
	defaultScheme = "https"
	defaultHost   = "127.0.0.1:8080"
	//apiPath               = "api/v3/ticker/price"
	defaultTimeout        = 10 // 10s
	defaultUpdateInterval = 30 // 30s
	defaultKey            = ""
)

var (
	defaultForex  = []string{"EUR-USD", "JPY-USD", "GBP-USD", "AUD-USD", "CAD-USD", "SEK-USD"}
	defaultCrypto = []string{"ATN-USD", "NTN-USD", "NTN-ATN"}
)

// TemplatePlugin Here is an implementation of a plugin which returns simulated data points.
type TemplatePlugin struct {
	version          string
	availableSymbols map[string]struct{}
	symbolSeparator  string
	logger           hclog.Logger
	client           common.DataSourceClient
	conf             *types.PluginConfig
	cachePrices      map[string]types.Price
}

func NewTemplatePlugin(conf *types.PluginConfig, client common.DataSourceClient, version string) *TemplatePlugin {
	logger := hclog.New(&hclog.LoggerOptions{
		Name:       conf.Name,
		Level:      hclog.Debug,
		Output:     os.Stderr, // logging into stderr thus the go-plugin can redirect the logs to plugin server.
		JSONFormat: true,
	})

	return &TemplatePlugin{
		version:          version,
		logger:           logger,
		client:           client,
		conf:             conf,
		availableSymbols: make(map[string]struct{}),
	}
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) FetchPrices(symbols []string) (types.PluginPriceReport, error) {
	var report types.PluginPriceReport

	availableSymbols, badSymbols, availableSymMap := g.resolveSymbols(symbols)
	if len(availableSymbols) == 0 {
		g.logger.Warn("no available symbols from plugin", "plugin", g.conf.Name)
		report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
		return report, fmt.Errorf("no available symbols")
	}

	res, err := g.client.FetchPrice(availableSymbols)
	if err != nil {
		return report, err
	}

	g.logger.Debug("sampled data points", res)

	now := time.Now().Unix()
	for _, v := range res {
		dec, err := decimal.NewFromString(v.Price)
		if err != nil {
			g.logger.Error("cannot convert price string to decimal: ", v.Price, err)
			continue
		}
		report.Prices = append(report.Prices, types.Price{
			Timestamp: now,
			Symbol:    availableSymMap[v.Symbol], // convert the symbol to raw symbol style in oracle server side.
			Price:     dec,
		})
	}
	report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
	return report, nil
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) State() (types.PluginState, error) {
	var state types.PluginState

	symbols, err := g.client.AvailableSymbols()
	if err != nil {
		return state, err
	}

	if len(g.availableSymbols) != 0 {
		for k := range g.availableSymbols {
			symbol := k
			delete(g.availableSymbols, symbol)
		}
	}

	for _, s := range symbols {
		g.availableSymbols[s] = struct{}{}
	}

	for _, symbol := range symbols {
		if len(symbol) != 0 {
			g.symbolSeparator = common.ResolveSeparator(symbol)
			break
		}
	}

	state.Version = g.version
	state.AvailableSymbols = symbols

	return state, nil
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) Close() {
	if g.client != nil {
		g.client.Close()
	}
}

// resolveSymbols resolve supported symbols of provider, and it builds the mapping of symbols from `-` separated pattern to those
// pattens supported by data providers, and filter outs those un-supported symbols.
func (g *TemplatePlugin) resolveSymbols(askedSymbols []string) ([]string, []string, map[string]string) {
	var supported []string
	var unSupported []string

	symbolsMapping := make(map[string]string)

	for _, askedSym := range askedSymbols {

		converted := common.ConvertSymbol(askedSym, g.symbolSeparator)
		if _, ok := g.availableSymbols[converted]; !ok {
			unSupported = append(unSupported, askedSym)
			continue
		}
		supported = append(supported, converted)
		symbolsMapping[converted] = askedSym
	}
	return supported, unSupported, symbolsMapping
}

func resolveConf(conf *types.PluginConfig) {

	if conf.Timeout == 0 {
		conf.Timeout = defaultTimeout
	}

	if conf.DataUpdateInterval == 0 {
		conf.DataUpdateInterval = defaultUpdateInterval
	}

	if len(conf.Scheme) == 0 {
		conf.Scheme = defaultScheme
	}

	if len(conf.Endpoint) == 0 {
		conf.Endpoint = defaultHost
	}

	if len(conf.Key) == 0 {
		conf.Key = defaultKey
	}
}

type TemplateClient struct {
	conf   *types.PluginConfig
	client *common.Client
	logger hclog.Logger
}

func NewTemplateClient(conf *types.PluginConfig) *TemplateClient {
	client := common.NewClient(conf.Key, time.Second*time.Duration(conf.Timeout), conf.Endpoint)
	if client == nil {
		panic("cannot create client for exchange rate api")
	}

	logger := hclog.New(&hclog.LoggerOptions{
		Name:   conf.Name,
		Level:  hclog.Debug,
		Output: os.Stdout,
	})

	return &TemplateClient{conf: conf, client: client, logger: logger}
}

//FetchPrice is the function fetch prices of the available symbols from data vendor.
func (tc *TemplateClient) FetchPrice(symbols []string) (common.Prices, error) {
	// todo: implement this function by plugin developer.
	/*
		var prices common.Prices
		u, err := tc.buildURL(symbols)
		if err != nil {
			return nil, err
		}

		res, err := tc.client.Conn.Request(tc.conf.Scheme, u)
		if err != nil {
			tc.logger.Error("https get", "error", err.Error())
			return nil, err
		}
		defer res.Body.Close()

		body, err := io.ReadAll(res.Body)
		if err != nil {
			tc.logger.Error("io read", "error", err.Error())
			return nil, err
		}

		err = json.Unmarshal(body, &prices)
		if err != nil {
			return nil, err
		}

		tc.logger.Info("template_plugin", "data", prices)
	*/

	// in this template, we just return fix values.
	var prices common.Prices
	for _, s := range symbols {
		var price common.Price
		price.Symbol = s
		price.Price = helpers.ResolveSimulatedPrice(s).String()
		prices = append(prices, price)
	}

	return prices, nil
}

//AvailableSymbols is the function to resolve the available symbols from your data vendor.
func (tc *TemplateClient) AvailableSymbols() ([]string, error) {
	// todo: implement this function by plugin developer.
	/*
		var res []string
		prices, err := tc.FetchPrice(nil)
		if err != nil {
			return nil, err
		}

		for _, p := range prices {
			res = append(res, p.Symbol)
		}*/
	// in this template, we just return the simulated symbols inside this plugin.
	res := append(defaultForex, defaultCrypto...)
	return res, nil
}

func (tc *TemplateClient) Close() {
	if tc.client != nil && tc.client.Conn != nil {
		tc.client.Conn.Close()
	}
}

// this is the function build the url to access your remote data provider's data api.
func (tc *TemplateClient) buildURL(symbols []string) (*url.URL, error) { //no lint
	// todo: implement this function by plugin developer.
	/*
		endpoint := &url.URL{}
		endpoint.Path = apiPath

		if len(symbols) != 0 {
			parameters, err := json.Marshal(symbols)
			if err != nil {
				return nil, err
			}

			query := endpoint.Query()
			query.Set("symbol", string(parameters))
			endpoint.RawQuery = query.Encode()
		}*/

	// in this template, we just return a default url since in this template we just return simulated values rather than
	// rise http request to get real data from a data provider.
	endpoint := &url.URL{}
	return endpoint, nil
}

func main() {
	conf, err := common.LoadPluginConf(os.Args[0])
	if err != nil {
		println("cannot load conf: ", err.Error(), os.Args[0])
		os.Exit(-1)
	}

	resolveConf(&conf)

	client := NewTemplateClient(&conf)
	adapter := NewTemplatePlugin(&conf, client, version)
	defer adapter.Close()

	var pluginMap = map[string]plugin.Plugin{
		"adapter": &types.AdapterPlugin{Impl: adapter},
	}

	plugin.Serve(&plugin.ServeConfig{
		HandshakeConfig: types.HandshakeConfig,
		Plugins:         pluginMap,
	})
}

```
## Build it
In the autonity-oracle directory, run:
```shell
go build -o ./build/bin/plugins/template_plugin ./plugins/template_plugin/template_plugin.go
```
You will find a binary named `template_plugin` under the directory: ./build/bin/plugins
## Use it
In production, after you have built the plugin binary, then just copy it in to the plugins directory that is scanned by the oracle server. It will be discovered and loaded automatically.

Commit message:

improvement, improve confidence strategy with data source confidence.

plugins/README.md, after:

# To write a new plugin
The oracle server provides a plugin framework for the development and management of data adaptors for loading data from external data source providers. Runtime management of plugins is dynamic; the server discovers and loads new or updated data source adaptors during runtime, so there is no need to restart the oracle server to detect data adaptor changes.

## The plugin configuration
Every plugin has a unified configuration, that is configured by oracle server in the `plugins-conf.yml` file. When you implement a new plugin, you will need to prepare the default values for the plugin, for example:
```go
// PluginConfig is the schema of plugins' config.
type PluginConfig struct {
	Name               string `json:"name" yaml:"name"`             // The name of the plugin binary.
	Key                string `json:"key" yaml:"key"`               // The API key granted by your data provider to access their data API.
	Scheme             string `json:"scheme" yaml:"scheme"`         // The data service scheme, http or https.
	Disabled           bool   `json:"disabled" yaml:"disabled"`     // The flag to disable a plugin.
	Endpoint           string `json:"endpoint" yaml:"endpoint"`     // The data service endpoint url of the data provider.
	Timeout            int    `json:"timeout" yaml:"timeout"`       // The timeout period in seconds that an API request is lasting for.
	DataUpdateInterval int    `json:"refresh" yaml:"refresh"`       // The interval in seconds to fetch data from data provider due to rate limit.
	Confidence         uint8  `json:"confidence" yaml:"confidence"` // The confidence of the data that are going to be sourced from the provider's service. Valid range is [0, 100].
	// Below configurations are reserved only for on-chain AMM marketplaces.
	NTNTokenAddress  string `json:"ntnTokenAddress" yaml:"ntnTokenAddress"`   // The NTN erc20 token address on the target blockchain.
	ATNTokenAddress  string `json:"atnTokenAddress" yaml:"atnTokenAddress"`   // The Wrapped ATN erc20 token address on the target blockchain.
	USDCTokenAddress string `json:"usdcTokenAddress" yaml:"usdcTokenAddress"` // The USDC erc20 token address on the target blockchain.
	SwapAddress      string `json:"swapAddress" yaml:"swapAddress"`           // The UniSwap factory contract address or AirSwap SwapERC20 contract address on the target blockchain.
}
```
## Interface
The interface in between the oracle server and the plugin are simple:
```go
// Adapter is the interface that we're exposing as a plugin.
type Adapter interface {
	// FetchPrices is called by oracle server to fetch data points of symbols required by the protocol contract, some
	// symbols in the protocol's symbols set might not be recognisable by a data source, thus in the plugin implementation,
	// one need to filter invalid symbols to make sure valid symbol's data be collected. The return PluginPriceReport
	// contains the valid symbols' prices and a set of invalid symbols.
	FetchPrices(symbols []string) (PluginPriceReport, error)
	// State is called by oracle server to get the statement of a plugin, it returns the plugin's statement of their version,
	// supported symbols, datasource, data source type, and if a key is required. It also checks the chainID from plugin
	// side to determine if it is compatible to run the plugin with current L1 blockchain, it would stop to start if the
	// chain ID is mismatched.
	State(chainID int64) (PluginStatement, error)
}

// PluginPriceReport is the returned data samples from adapters which carry the prices and those symbols of no data if
// there are any unrecognisable symbols from the data source side.
type PluginPriceReport struct {
	Prices                []Price
	UnRecognizableSymbols []string
}

// in autonity-oracle/types/types.go, there is a type Price:
// Price is the structure contains the exchange rate of a symbol with a timestamp at which the sampling happens.
type Price struct {
	Timestamp  int64 // TS on when the data is being sampled in time's seconds since Jan 1 1970 (Unix time).
	Symbol     string
	Price      decimal.Decimal
	Confidence uint8    // confidence of the data point is resolved by the oracle server.
	// Below field is reserved for data providers which can provide recent trade volumes of the pair,
	// otherwise it will be resolved by oracle server.
	Volume     *big.Int // recent trade volume in quote of USDCx for on-chain AMM marketplace.
}

// PluginStatement is the returned data when the oracle host want to initialise the plugin with basic information: version,
// data source, data source type, and available symbols that the data source support.
// PluginStatement is the returned when the oracle server loads a plugin.
type PluginStatement struct {
	KeyRequired      bool
	Version          string
	DataSource       string
	AvailableSymbols []string
    Confidence       uint8
	DataSourceType   DataSourceType
}
```
where the statements in PluginState:
- KeyRequired states if the plugin needs a service key to be configured. When the plugin requires a key, oracle server will not start the plugin if a key is missing from the configuration.
- Version states the version of the plugin.
- AvailableSymbols states the set of symbols the data plugin is configured to fetch.
- DataSource states the data source URL, it will be logged by oracle server.
- DataSourceType states the type of the data source, for example, an AMM, CEX or an AskForQuote marketplace.

### Criteria for releasing 3rd party plugin
Before releasing a 3rd party plugin, we will have to check below criteria:
- **Document**    
Please add a README.md into your plugin's code directory, to describe the data source of your plugin, the data quality of it,
how can people subscribe a service key from the data provider if there is a service key required.
- **Implementation and Testing**    
Reuse the plugin framework and the standard interface of the plugin as much as possible, add test for it, help to keep the code be simple.
- **Help the user**     
In the plugin's README.md and the oracle server configuration file, add comments to guide people on how to config your
plugin, for example, the data providers' official site, how to subscribe the service key from the provider, etc...

## Implement a plugin
Create a directory for your plugin under the autonity-oracle/plugins directory. There is a template_plugin directory
which contains a go source code file template_plugin.go that can be used as a template. To implement a new plugin, there are 4 steps described beneath.
### Create a Plugin structure
```go
// TemplatePlugin Here is an implementation of a plugin which returns simulated data points.
type TemplatePlugin struct {
	version          string
	availableSymbols map[string]struct{}
	symbolSeparator  string
	logger           hclog.Logger
	client           common.DataSourceClient
	conf             *types.PluginConfig
	cachePrices      map[string]types.Price
}
```
### Implement the 2 interfaces for the Plugin structure
In this template plugin, we leave only 3 todos to be implemented by plugin developer to adapt with real data vendor.
```go
func (g *TemplatePlugin) FetchPrices(symbols []string) (types.PluginPriceReport, error) {
	var report types.PluginPriceReport

	availableSymbols, badSymbols, availableSymMap := g.resolveSymbols(symbols)
	if len(availableSymbols) == 0 {
		g.logger.Warn("no available symbols from plugin", "plugin", g.conf.Name)
		report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
		return report, fmt.Errorf("no available symbols")
	}

	res, err := g.client.FetchPrice(availableSymbols)
	if err != nil {
		return report, err
	}

	g.logger.Debug("sampled data points", res)

	now := time.Now().Unix()
	for _, v := range res {
		dec, err := decimal.NewFromString(v.Price)
		if err != nil {
			g.logger.Error("cannot convert price string to decimal: ", v.Price, err)
			continue
		}
		report.Prices = append(report.Prices, types.Price{
			Timestamp: now,
			Symbol:    availableSymMap[v.Symbol], // convert the symbol to raw symbol style in oracle server side.
			Price:     dec,
		})
	}
	report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
	return report, nil
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) State() (types.PluginState, error) {
	var state types.PluginState

	symbols, err := g.client.AvailableSymbols()
	if err != nil {
		return state, err
	}

	if len(g.availableSymbols) != 0 {
		for k := range g.availableSymbols {
		symbol := k
		delete(g.availableSymbols, symbol)
		}
	}

	for _, s := range symbols {
		g.availableSymbols[s] = struct{}{}
	}

	for _, symbol := range symbols {
		if len(symbol) != 0 {
			g.symbolSeparator = common.ResolveSeparator(symbol)
			break
		}
	}

	state.KeyRequired = g.client.KeyRequired()
	state.Version = g.version
	state.AvailableSymbols = symbols

	return state, nil
}

// KeyRequired returns true if the service key is required to access the data source.
func (tc *TemplateClient) KeyRequired() bool {
	return false // return true if your data provider asked for a service key.
}

```
### Instantiate the Plugin and Register it.
In the main() function, which is the entry point of your plugin, initialize the plugin structure, and register it in the go-plugin framework:
```go
func main() {
	conf, err := common.LoadPluginConf(os.Args[0])
	if err != nil {
		println("cannot load conf: ", err.Error(), os.Args[0])
		os.Exit(-1)
	}

	resolveConf(&conf)

	client := NewTemplateClient(&conf)
	adapter := NewTemplatePlugin(&conf, client, version)
	defer adapter.Close()

	var pluginMap = map[string]plugin.Plugin{
		"adapter": &types.AdapterPlugin{Impl: adapter},
	}

	plugin.Serve(&plugin.ServeConfig{
		HandshakeConfig: types.HandshakeConfig,
		Plugins:         pluginMap,
	})
}
```
Handshake config is in autonity-oracle/types/plugin_spec.go
```go
// HandshakeConfig are used to just do a basic handshake between
// a plugin and host. If the handshake fails, a user-friendly error is shown.
// This prevents users from executing bad plugins or executing a plugin
// directory. It is a UX feature, not a security feature.
var HandshakeConfig = plugin.HandshakeConfig{
	ProtocolVersion:  1,
	MagicCookieKey:   "BASIC_PLUGIN",
	MagicCookieValue: "hello",
}
```

## The full code
```go
package main

import (
	"autonity-oracle/helpers"
	"autonity-oracle/plugins/common"
	"autonity-oracle/types"
	"fmt"
	"github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog"
	"github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin"
	"github.com/shopspring/decimal"
	"net/url"
	"os"
	"strings"
	"time"
)

const (
	version       = "v0.0.2"
	defaultScheme = "https"
	defaultHost   = "127.0.0.1:8080"
	//apiPath               = "api/v3/ticker/price"
	defaultTimeout        = 10 // 10s
	defaultUpdateInterval = 30 // 30s
	defaultKey            = ""
)

var (
	defaultForex  = []string{"EUR-USD", "JPY-USD", "GBP-USD", "AUD-USD", "CAD-USD", "SEK-USD"}
	defaultCrypto = []string{"ATN-USD", "NTN-USD", "NTN-ATN"}
)

// TemplatePlugin Here is an implementation of a plugin which returns simulated data points.
type TemplatePlugin struct {
	version          string
	availableSymbols map[string]struct{}
	symbolSeparator  string
	logger           hclog.Logger
	client           common.DataSourceClient
	conf             *types.PluginConfig
	cachePrices      map[string]types.Price
}

func NewTemplatePlugin(conf *types.PluginConfig, client common.DataSourceClient, version string) *TemplatePlugin {
	logger := hclog.New(&hclog.LoggerOptions{
		Name:       conf.Name,
		Level:      hclog.Debug,
		Output:     os.Stderr, // logging into stderr thus the go-plugin can redirect the logs to plugin server.
		JSONFormat: true,
	})

	return &TemplatePlugin{
		version:          version,
		logger:           logger,
		client:           client,
		conf:             conf,
		availableSymbols: make(map[string]struct{}),
	}
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) FetchPrices(symbols []string) (types.PluginPriceReport, error) {
	var report types.PluginPriceReport

	availableSymbols, badSymbols, availableSymMap := g.resolveSymbols(symbols)
	if len(availableSymbols) == 0 {
		g.logger.Warn("no available symbols from plugin", "plugin", g.conf.Name)
		report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
		return report, fmt.Errorf("no available symbols")
	}

	res, err := g.client.FetchPrice(availableSymbols)
	if err != nil {
		return report, err
	}

	g.logger.Debug("sampled data points", res)

	now := time.Now().Unix()
	for _, v := range res {
		dec, err := decimal.NewFromString(v.Price)
		if err != nil {
			g.logger.Error("cannot convert price string to decimal: ", v.Price, err)
			continue
		}
		report.Prices = append(report.Prices, types.Price{
			Timestamp: now,
			Symbol:    availableSymMap[v.Symbol], // convert the symbol to raw symbol style in oracle server side.
			Price:     dec,
		})
	}
	report.BadSymbols = badSymbols
	return report, nil
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) State() (types.PluginState, error) {
	var state types.PluginState

	symbols, err := g.client.AvailableSymbols()
	if err != nil {
		return state, err
	}

	if len(g.availableSymbols) != 0 {
		for k := range g.availableSymbols {
			symbol := k
			delete(g.availableSymbols, symbol)
		}
	}

	for _, s := range symbols {
		g.availableSymbols[s] = struct{}{}
	}

	for _, symbol := range symbols {
		if len(symbol) != 0 {
			g.symbolSeparator = common.ResolveSeparator(symbol)
			break
		}
	}

	state.Version = g.version
	state.AvailableSymbols = symbols

	return state, nil
}

func (g *TemplatePlugin) Close() {
	if g.client != nil {
		g.client.Close()
	}
}

// resolveSymbols resolve supported symbols of provider, and it builds the mapping of symbols from `-` separated pattern to those
// pattens supported by data providers, and filter outs those un-supported symbols.
func (g *TemplatePlugin) resolveSymbols(askedSymbols []string) ([]string, []string, map[string]string) {
	var supported []string
	var unSupported []string

	symbolsMapping := make(map[string]string)

	for _, askedSym := range askedSymbols {

		converted := common.ConvertSymbol(askedSym, g.symbolSeparator)
		if _, ok := g.availableSymbols[converted]; !ok {
			unSupported = append(unSupported, askedSym)
			continue
		}
		supported = append(supported, converted)
		symbolsMapping[converted] = askedSym
	}
	return supported, unSupported, symbolsMapping
}

func resolveConf(conf *types.PluginConfig) {

	if conf.Timeout == 0 {
		conf.Timeout = defaultTimeout
	}

	if conf.DataUpdateInterval == 0 {
		conf.DataUpdateInterval = defaultUpdateInterval
	}

	if len(conf.Scheme) == 0 {
		conf.Scheme = defaultScheme
	}

	if len(conf.Endpoint) == 0 {
		conf.Endpoint = defaultHost
	}

	if len(conf.Key) == 0 {
		conf.Key = defaultKey
	}
}

type TemplateClient struct {
	conf   *types.PluginConfig
	client *common.Client
	logger hclog.Logger
}

func NewTemplateClient(conf *types.PluginConfig) *TemplateClient {
	client := common.NewClient(conf.Key, time.Second*time.Duration(conf.Timeout), conf.Endpoint)
	if client == nil {
		panic("cannot create client for exchange rate api")
	}

	logger := hclog.New(&hclog.LoggerOptions{
		Name:   conf.Name,
		Level:  hclog.Debug,
		Output: os.Stdout,
	})

	return &TemplateClient{conf: conf, client: client, logger: logger}
}

//FetchPrice is the function fetch prices of the available symbols from data vendor.
func (tc *TemplateClient) FetchPrice(symbols []string) (common.Prices, error) {
	// todo: implement this function by plugin developer.
	/*
		var prices common.Prices
		u, err := tc.buildURL(symbols)
		if err != nil {
			return nil, err
		}

		res, err := tc.client.Conn.Request(tc.conf.Scheme, u)
		if err != nil {
			tc.logger.Error("https get", "error", err.Error())
			return nil, err
		}
		defer res.Body.Close()

		body, err := io.ReadAll(res.Body)
		if err != nil {
			tc.logger.Error("io read", "error", err.Error())
			return nil, err
		}

		err = json.Unmarshal(body, &prices)
		if err != nil {
			return nil, err
		}

		tc.logger.Info("template_plugin", "data", prices)
	*/

	// in this template, we just return fix values.
	var prices common.Prices
	for _, s := range symbols {
		var price common.Price
		price.Symbol = s
		price.Price = helpers.ResolveSimulatedPrice(s).String()
		prices = append(prices, price)
	}

	return prices, nil
}

//AvailableSymbols is the function to resolve the available symbols from your data vendor.
func (tc *TemplateClient) AvailableSymbols() ([]string, error) {
	// todo: implement this function by plugin developer.
	/*
		var res []string
		prices, err := tc.FetchPrice(nil)
		if err != nil {
			return nil, err
		}

		for _, p := range prices {
			res = append(res, p.Symbol)
		}*/
	// in this template, we just return the simulated symbols inside this plugin.
	res := append(defaultForex, defaultCrypto...)
	return res, nil
}

func (tc *TemplateClient) Close() {
	if tc.client != nil && tc.client.Conn != nil {
		tc.client.Conn.Close()
	}
}

// this is the function build the url to access your remote data provider's data api.
func (tc *TemplateClient) buildURL(symbols []string) (*url.URL, error) { //no lint
	// todo: implement this function by plugin developer.
	/*
		endpoint := &url.URL{}
		endpoint.Path = apiPath

		if len(symbols) != 0 {
			parameters, err := json.Marshal(symbols)
			if err != nil {
				return nil, err
			}

			query := endpoint.Query()
			query.Set("symbol", string(parameters))
			endpoint.RawQuery = query.Encode()
		}*/

	// in this template, we just return a default url since in this template we just return simulated values rather than
	// rise http request to get real data from a data provider.
	endpoint := &url.URL{}
	return endpoint, nil
}

func main() {
	conf, err := common.LoadPluginConf(os.Args[0])
	if err != nil {
		println("cannot load conf: ", err.Error(), os.Args[0])
		os.Exit(-1)
	}

	resolveConf(&conf)

	client := NewTemplateClient(&conf)
	adapter := NewTemplatePlugin(&conf, client, version)
	defer adapter.Close()

	var pluginMap = map[string]plugin.Plugin{
		"adapter": &types.AdapterPlugin{Impl: adapter},
	}

	plugin.Serve(&plugin.ServeConfig{
		HandshakeConfig: types.HandshakeConfig,
		Plugins:         pluginMap,
	})
}

```
## Build it
In the autonity-oracle directory, run:
```shell
go build -o ./build/bin/plugins/template_plugin ./plugins/template_plugin/template_plugin.go
```
You will find a binary named `template_plugin` under the directory: ./build/bin/plugins
## Use it
In production, after you have built the plugin binary, then just copy it in to the plugins directory that is scanned by the oracle server. It will be discovered and loaded automatically.
